hello guys Simon be 1471 check it in
thanks for coming to my channel and now
today I've got a game player then
capture the flag on the map raid it's
one of me in favorite maps and I hate
drop shutters or drop shotting triads as
I call and but it's probably just i'm
jealous cuz they probably better on the
game than me but oh well now i'm i've
actually got one of me cat's meow on in
the background if it doesn't shut up
you'll be going to the rspca so right
sorry about that but carrying on with
the video in yeah this on the MLG
playlist in the championship series one
which i think this is going to become
really popular in due to fight actually
gives you something to play for i think
there's gonna be prizes and things like
that what you can actually win but yeah
him just back on the gameplay I'm just
playing with load of random people
there's two rounds in obviously swap
spawns in from one side of the map to
the other now the actual gone I've got
on his a submachine gun him can't
remember the actual name of it bought
what I've actually seen up to now is the
most people run machine guns inside I
wouldn't I don't really know if they're
overpowered or not eats I don't know
really I haven't really made my mind up
on a lot of things on this game up to
now but him I do like the scoring system
because I've modified it even more now
so say for example if you kill somebody
standard on a game of domination you'll
get 50 on your kill Street I mean on you
score streak however if you kill them
while you're capturing a flag you'll get
a bonus 200 points for it so if you're
killing people and in actually doing the
objective at the same time you can soon
rack up all three of your kill streaks
in one go but if you camp in and
building nowhere near not only
objectives you get less on your score
streaks i think i was going to actually
change the dynamics of the game
especially on the objective game types
now that thing you've actually seen me
from the floor there is just the
equivalent of a motion sensor room on
the other ones however instead of just a
dot coming up on you actual mini-map
you'll get it right it'll come up as it
would say if you've got a black beard
for a modern warfare 3 or you've got
orbital vsat from this actual game so
yeah at the moment I'm pretty much not
getting what's Joey going that side of
them up so I think at this point I'm if
you can write one-nil down I need to you
know try to capture if like myself is I
think right let's try going around the
other way seems a bit quiet around here
so at this point my thinking is I don't
really want to lose because on the Lee
played the actual first five matches you
play our actual placement matches so
depending on how you go on on those
matches is depending how well what legal
series they'll put you in but I haven't
actually completed all of the placement
games yet so I don't know I it's
actually going to work but yet same
again I've just thrown one of those in
motion sensor grenade things on the
floor so at this point you're thinking
please please nobody killed me to see it
come in but yeah just to tell ya I think
capture the flag is now because tree art
tend to do this quite well this game
mode it's going to be actually one of my
favorite game modes so there you go I
get 200 for a flag capture got the UAV
straddle and coming to the end of the
first round now pretty much done nothing
spectacular but to be honest guys i've
only got the game today on pre-order him
so i have really got that much quality
gameplay as of yet even though i've come
across some people and oh my god deal I
MLG Pro the i-40 kills four deaths in d
playing the objectives and I my Jesus
Christ so yeah now I'm starting off with
the scar-h I haven't actually unlocked
this on the public playlist because
obviously normally don't ask me what I'm
doing there sorry be a flashbang afford
it was actually a shock charge but yeah
in
i'm using the scar-h ye rim reflex sight
obviously same killstreaks in which the
killstreaks I've got his UAV hellstorm
missile and lightning strike now I
haven't actually unlocked this weapon on
the public playlist so for let's give it
a try on the league list because on the
league playlist you don't have to unlock
everything you've got affinity disposal
regardless of what level you are which
makes sense in now I can't wait until i
unlock this weapon because it's not got
really good that quick of a fire 8 ball
it's got so much stopping power it's
unbelievable like the type 25 i'm
currently using on the public place it's
really good close range but if you far
away the amount of whom while the fire
rate and the recoil makes it quite
difficult to pick people off now there i
fail a bit trying to actually take him
out by get me he'll storm miss Aleeah
now as you can see it comes down
normally it'd just be one miss our boy
if you press the accelerator born which
would be the RT button our name
controller on xbox 360 our modern
warfare 2 it actually in speed the
missile up so it come down a lot faster
but on this one if you press that button
it releases it into a load of smaller
predator missile so to speak see ya
that's that now my actual role here what
I'm trying to do is just doing get
killstreaks up help BTW we won the first
round and then we lose him what we won
down now will I can hear people on the
actual in chat just say you know I'm
somebody defend nobody's defending so
I'm like viously well right I got a
problem with defending somebody's called
out say to him to quit down from left
side so I'm heading over here can't
really see anybody then we get a UAV my
were pretty cliff the time being and my
a flagrant is running down now so far
I've got to make sure he gets protected
it caps the flag I cap one off and
others in over to there and to be honest
I don't think these are the best players
I've played against cuz I don't normally
do this well to be honest with you you
see I'm like two down and then I'm like
it's not somebody laying on the floor
see if you see there I actually got
killed attacker so you get more points
for you kill just basically going on
about what I was all about earlier and
it looks like most of their team aren't
actually using ghost which is really
strange I'm like that is going to be a
perk what you need to have because it's
quite easy to you know get a you a veal
and on this game as well if you've got
UV UAV open somebody kills somebody
while your UAVs up you get 10 points on
your scores three so I could imagine if
you get UAV and come to UAV that might
be enough just to take you up to eat you
know your big kill streak so if you have
too low ones and then one high one that
could make sense so yeah guys not not
too much longer left on this video now
see if it'd be kind enough to rate
comment and subscribe that'd be
fantastic and yes so as you can see
we're winning now too when I go a bit
more aggressive now thinking well
virtually one anyway but Tim yeah if it
would Cap'n of a flag in a minute i'm
not sure but it's really awkward trying
to come and say actually while it's
coming up without boom my wallets
counting the time down i get a nice
double kill ear and then third one gets
me i think in a minute um but yeah the
zoom well for all those YouTube
commentators directors whatever you want
to call this it was a cod cast feature
which that's quite good bye and actually
use the enough yet but yeah that's it
it's all over guys thanks for watching
rate comment subscribe